=pod

=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::TemplateToolkit - Template Toolkit renderer plugin for
Mojolicious

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 # Mojolicious
 $app->plugin('TemplateToolkit');
 $app->plugin(TemplateToolkit => {name => 'foo'});
 $app->plugin(TemplateToolkit => {template => {INTERPOLATE => 1}});
 
 # Mojolicious::Lite
 plugin 'TemplateToolkit';
 plugin TemplateToolkit => {name => 'foo'};
 plugin TemplateToolkit => {template => {INTERPOLATE => 1}});
 
 # Set as default handler
 $app->renderer->default_handler('tt2');
 
 # Render without setting as default handler
 $c->render(template => 'bar', handler => 'tt2');

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::TemplateToolkit> is a renderer for C<tt2> or
C<Template Toolkit> templates. See L<Template> and L<Template::Manual> for
details on the C<Template Toolkit> format, and L<Mojolicious::Guides::Rendering>
for general information on rendering in L<Mojolicious>.

L<Mojolicious> helpers and stash values will be exposed directly as
L<variables|Template::Manual::Variables> in the templates, and the current
controller object will be available as C<c> or C<self>, similar to
L<Mojolicious::Plugin::EPRenderer>. See L<Mojolicious::Plugin::DefaultHelpers>
and L<Mojolicious::Plugin::TagHelpers> for a list of all built-in helpers.

 $c->stash(description => 'template engine');
 $c->stash(engines => [qw(Template::Toolkit Text::Template)]);
 
 [% FOREACH engine IN engines %]
   [% engine %] is a [% description %].
 [% END %]
 
 [% link_to('Template Toolkit', 'http://www.template-toolkit.org') %]
 
 [% c.param('foo') %]


Along with standard template files, inline and data section templates can be
rendered in the standard way. L<Template::Provider::Mojo> allows template files
and data sections to be retrieved using L<Mojolicious::Renderer> for both
standard rendering and directives such as C<INCLUDE>. This means that instead
of specifying the C<INCLUDE_PATH> setting for L<Template>, you should set
L<Mojolicious::Renderer/"paths"> to the appropriate paths.

=head1 OPTIONS

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::TemplateToolkit> supports the following options.

=head2 name

 # Mojolicious::Lite
 plugin TemplateToolkit => {name => 'foo'};

Handler name, defaults to C<tt2>.

=head2 template

 # Mojolicious::Lite
 plugin TemplateToolkit => {template => {INTERPOLATE => 1}};

Configuration values passed to L<Template> object used to render templates.

=head1 METHODS

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::TemplateToolkit> inherits all methods from
L<Mojolicious::Plugin> and implements the following new ones.

=head2 register

 $plugin->register(Mojolicious->new);
 $plugin->register(Mojolicious->new, {name => 'foo'});

Register renderer in L<Mojolicious> application.

=head1 BUGS

Report any issues on the public bugtracker.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2015 by Dan Book.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojolicious::Renderer>, L<Template>, L<Template::Provider::Mojo>

=cut
